[docs] source-postgres - add link explaining modest increase cost of `REPLICA IDENTITY FULL` (#40611)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/postgres.md

```

In rare cases, if your tables use data types that support [TOAST](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/storage-toast.html) or have very large field values, consider instead using replica identity type full: `

> ALTER TABLE tbl1 REPLICA IDENTITY FULL;`.  Ensure that TOAST-able tables use non-toastable primary keys (integers, varchars, etc), and there will only be a [modest increase in resource utlization](https://xata.io/blog/replica-identity-full-performance).

Author: ```suggestion
ALTER TABLE tbl1 REPLICA IDENTITY FULL;`.  Ensure that TOAST-able tables use non-TOAST-able primary keys (integers, varchars, etc), and there will only be a [modest increase in resource utilization](https://xata.io/blog/replica-identity-full-performance).
```

> ALTER TABLE tbl1 REPLICA IDENTITY FULL;`.  Ensure that TOAST-able tables use non-TOAST-able primary keys (integers, varchars, etc), and there will only be a [modest increase in resource utilization](https://xata.io/blog/replica-identity-full-performance).

Author: ```suggestion
ALTER TABLE tbl1 REPLICA IDENTITY FULL;`.  Ensure that TOAST-able tables use non-TOAST-able primary keys (integers, varchars, etc), and there will only be a [modest increase in resource utilization, in addition to increased WAL storage size](https://xata.io/blog/replica-identity-full-performance).
```
